Update Scalability Docs (#13505)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/apm/reports/performance-reports.mdx

    title="Scalability analysis"
  >

APM's scalability analysis report shows response time, database time, and CPU time in relation to the application load. This helps you evaluate performance and identify potential hardware requirements as your app grows.

## View the Scalability analysis report [#procedures]

To view the report for your app:

Go to **[one.newrelic.com](https://one.newrelic.com/all-capabilities) > APM & services > (select an app) > Reports > Scalability**.

> The Scalability analysis report includes three tabs: "Response time," "Database," and "APM CPU". Each tab contains a billboard and a chart and represents a different aspect of performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Scalability analysis report includes three tabs: Response time, Database, and APM CPU. Each tab contains a billboard and a chart and represents a different aspect of performance.
```

      </td>

      <td>

>         The chart in this tab plots your application's response time, versus application load in terms of requests per minute. For an application that is scaling well, the response time should be at or close to horizontal. The billboard shows the average, minimum, and maximum response times, and average throughput.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        The chart in this tab plots your application's response time, versus application load in terms of requests per minute. For an application that is scaling well, the response time should be at or close to horizontal. The billboard shows the average throughput and average, minimum, and maximum response times.
```

      </td>
    </tr>

    <tr>
      <td>
        Database
      </td>

      <td>

>         The chart in this tab plots your application's database time versus application load in terms of requests per minute. For an application that is scaling well, you should see a roughly linear pattern in the plotted points. The billboard shows the average, minimum, and maximum database times, and average throughput.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        The chart in this tab plots your application's database time versus application load in terms of requests per minute. For an application that is scaling well, you should see a roughly linear pattern in the plotted points. The billboard shows the average throughput and average, minimum, and maximum response times.
```

      </td>
    </tr>

    <tr>
      <td>
        APM CPU
      </td>

      <td>
        The chart in this tab plots your application's CPU time per request, versus application load in terms of requests per minute. For an application that is scaling well, you should see a roughly linear pattern in the plotted points. The billboard shows the average, minimum, and maximum CPU times, and average throughput.
      </td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

The charts feature two lines: the primary line connects the data points, while the secondary line, labeled as "smoothed," presents a smoothed version of the primary line. The secondary line helps visualize the application's performance without being concerned about unexpected fluctuations observed in the primary line.

These charts are constructed a bit differently from other New Relic charts and do not have the default chart actions commonly available.

## Select options for time periods [#time]

> The Scalability report has a [time picker](/docs/query-your-data/explore-query-data/dashboards/manage-your-dashboard/#dash-time-picker) which allows you to view data over different time periods. The minimum recommended time period is 30 minutes because when analyzing an application’s Scalability, lower time ranges don’t give a full picture. The time picker uses the default value of the last 30 minutes, ending now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Scalability report has a [time picker](/docs/query-your-data/explore-query-data/dashboards/manage-your-dashboard/#dash-time-picker) that allows you to view data over different time periods. The minimum recommended time period is 30 minutes because when analyzing an application’s scalability, lower time ranges don’t give a full picture. The time picker uses the default value of the last 30 minutes.
```
